docs: restructure header and table of contents (#15)
imgix/imgix-statamic: README.md

<!-- ix-docs-ignore -->
![imgix logo](https://assets.imgix.net/sdk-imgix-logo.svg)

> A Statamic addon for integrating [imgix](https://www.imgix.com/) into Statamic sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Statamic add-on for integrating [imgix](https://www.imgix.com/) into Statamic sites.
```
